README.md, before:

## UBC Scientific Software Seminar

The UBC Scientific Software Seminar brings together students, graduates, fellows and faculty at UBC to develop software skills for science.

### Fall 2018 Software Projects

People are working on some cool stuff and the goal is to share our projects and to see what everyone is working on. *Everyone is invited!*

#### SCHEDULE

Our seminar meets every **Thursday 4-5pm in LSK 121**. Please join the [UBCS3 mailing list](https://ubc.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_6VCa1EYL5xjlUQ5) to receive weekly updates.

| Date | Topic | Presenter |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| September 27 | MATLAB Autograding Tool | [@patrickwalls](https://github.com/patrickwalls) |
| October 4 | [Introduction to the Salish Sea](10-04-vicky-do/UBCS3-DO.pdf) | Vicky Do |
| October 11 |  | [@asberk](https://github.com/asberk) |
| October 18 |  | [@matteolepur](https://github.com/matteolepur) |
| October 25 |  | [@Julian-Mentasti](https://github.com/Julian-Mentasti) |
| November 1 |  |  |
| November 8 |  | Qianqian Feng |
| November 15 |  |  |
| November 22 |  |  |
| November 29 |  |  |

Commit message:

update readme with link to Hugo tutorial

README.md, after:

## UBC Scientific Software Seminar

The UBC Scientific Software Seminar brings together students, graduates, fellows and faculty at UBC to develop software skills for science.

### Fall 2018 Software Projects

People are working on some cool stuff and the goal is to share our projects and to see what everyone is working on. *Everyone is invited!*

#### SCHEDULE

Our seminar meets every **Thursday 4-5pm in LSK 121**. Please join the [UBCS3 mailing list](https://ubc.ca1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_6VCa1EYL5xjlUQ5) to receive weekly updates.

| Date | Topic | Presenter |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| September 27 | MATLAB Autograding Tool | [@patrickwalls](https://github.com/patrickwalls) |
| October 4 | [Introduction to the Salish Sea](10-04-vicky-do/UBCS3-DO.pdf) | Vicky Do |
| October 11 | [Hosting a website on GitHub with Hugo](https://aaronberk.ca/project/hugo-tutorial/)  | [@asberk](https://github.com/asberk) |
| October 18 |  | [@matteolepur](https://github.com/matteolepur) |
| October 25 |  | [@Julian-Mentasti](https://github.com/Julian-Mentasti) |
| November 1 |  |  |
| November 8 |  | Qianqian Feng |
| November 15 |  |  |
| November 22 |  |  |
| November 29 |  |  |
